hg|bitbucket|jgarmendia/josegarmendiaia|Jose Garmendia
hg|bitbucket|MESandroni/inteligencia-artificial|Martin Sandroni
hg|bitbucket|gabrielb/ia-entregas|Gabriel Balaudo
hg|bitbucket|nicolas_prida/np-ucse-ia|Nicolas Prida
hg|bitbucket|JosePron/ia-2013|Jose Pron
hg|bitbucket|franco828/inteligencia-artificial|Franco Erni
hg|bitbucket|fer_bircher/inteligencia-artificial|Fernando Bircher
hg|bitbucket|dluna88/ia-dluna|David Luna
hg|bitbucket|paola_sandoval/ia-entrega|Paola Sandoval
hg|bitbucket|MicaBressan/ia2013|Micaela Bressan
git|bitbucket|NachoGo7/ia_nachogo7|Ignacio Gomez
hg|bitbucket|fedemie/ai|Federico Mie
hg|bitbucket|bmonge/inteligencia-artificial|Bruno Monge
hg|bitbucket|gonzamuller/ia_2013|Gonzalo Muller
hg|bitbucket|Mnatella/inteligencia-artificial|Matias Natella
hg|bitbucket|bcurti/entregas-ia|Bruno Curti
hg|bitbucket|lsambuelli/entregas-2013-ia|Luisina Sambuelli
hg|bitbucket|titogiova/fernando-giovannini|Fernando Giovannini
hg|bitbucket|gvolken/entregas-ia|Gaston Volken
hg|bitbucket|pcarrizo/ia-2013|Paula Carrizo
hg|bitbucket|fcalvo/ai_2013|Federico Calvo
hg|bitbucket|pandretich/pandretich_ia|Pablo Andretich
hg|bitbucket|lucas_z/ia|Lucas Zurverra
hg|bitbucket|sfriedli/inteligencia|Sofia Friedli
hg|bitbucket|estefaveronesse/entregas-2013-ia|Estefano Veronesse
hg|bitbucket|mbruera23/ia_2013|Misael Bruera
hg|bitbucket|fedehenzenn/ia-2013|Federico Henzenn
hg|bitbucket|bdenardi/entregas|Bruno Denardi
hg|bitbucket|fedefara/entregasia|Federico Faraudello
hg|bitbucket|irey/ia_2013|Ignacio Rey
hg|bitbucket|matipaludi/inteligencia-artificial|Matias Paludi
